RHDEVDOCS 6243 priority class applies to affinity assistant pods (#85636)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-specifying-pipelines-resource-quota-using-priority-class.adoc

For more information about setting limit ranges, refer to _Restrict resource consumption with limit ranges_ in the _Additional resources_ section.
====
+
[NOTE]
====

> Since {pipelines-shortname} 1.17, the priority class that you set for a task applies to all pods created for the task, including the affinity assistant pod that {pipelines-shortname} creates in order to ensure that the task executes on a particular node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since {pipelines-shortname} 1.17, support for priorityClassName in in affinityAssistancePodTemplate will be added which will help to specify default priorityClassName in affinity assistant podTemplate for affinity assistant pods. Also value specified in pipelinerun/taskrun will be used for both affinity assistant pods and taskrun pods.
```

Author: Unfortunately wee do not document `affinityAssistancePodTemplate` , while the documentation for `podTemplate` is now being added. So we can't really refer to `affinityAssistancePodTemplate` . Is my formula, that the priority class set for a task in the documented way is also used for affinity assistant pods, correct?

Reviewer: Sorry for the delay :(
Yeah that sounds correct
